our goal isn't to click update I spent
quite a while today paper mache
now we've paper my shed to hild us go on
in the middle in front of the centre of
the tunnel
so they're both separate now but a
tunnel and a hill that way if I have any
problems in the future I'll be able to
take the tunnel off and get in at the
tracks if need be well likely some nice
contours I think to be nice to know when
it dries out and it's painted and just
some scenery 400 it'll look quite well
I'll try to take a couple of days to dry
I guess let's have a look at it from
here now as well as that er they're not
properly together or whatever so which I
just looked too bad you can actually see
there at the end there is dark air you
just hear that would be in the end no of
one of the toilet roads or kitchen roads
or whoever you know well I can always go
back at a later stage and put a few more
coats of you know toilet tissue I was
using none PVA glue over to top it up
and camouflage it as well but it will I
think it'll you know to be fine if we
could get his tunnel organized the way I
want it to be I can take it on and off
to track you know everything will be
fine down but yeah and I think the other
thing I learnt as well is this if you're
a working on something I think you're
probably always better off to do it on
something because that way down if you
need to take it out or move it or
whatever you can you can do that you
know that obviously will need to be
trimmed a bit now around the edges
before it's layered into its you know a
final resting place for as I said you
know once it's painted
it'll look foreigner to look good it's
still very wet now at the moment we're
just building up layers and layers and
layers
of toilet paper with the 50/50 mix of
the pvat underwater you can see now have
more land filled I had here in the
middle of the table the other day I came
in handy okay guys that's it I will do
another one when we have maybe some
paint and some scenery and some scatter
around this so boy for now